come on down here meet me because we
have sriracha Oh what are we doing I
hold that shocking okay well we have
service men and women here so we are
going to unstuff this stocking this is
the lady stocking yeah ladies and ladies
out there let's see what's in here oh
there's all sorts of already says this
is urban decay make oh I love I love
playing huge palette that what else we
have for the ladies uh oh I love this
from a mica you have hot pink mini
ceramics Tyler's in this cute lil case
so you can be on the go or a bun
flattened or curl Patrol adorable you
can put the makeup in there sticking up
to Scipio mini curling irons from
folica.com uh everybody is getting this
you gotta put them at ease oh it's
another busy beats also from our friends
this is the cilia it's the curling irons
you can go straight or you can go curly
bye I love this philosophy I love
philosophy I'm here they sent baking
spirits bright get it it's a it's a gift
that I can't get into that's what a gift
to this oh look there it is owning an
email like cinnamon apple strudel and
maple pecan crumble and Christmas
cookies and then you'll get gobbled up
delicious this is from coldwater creek
every everybody gets a
two-hundred-dollar gift card for now
guys it's Bella's mature collection
carry bracelet from Bombay fashion so
you got the pajama
Oh